● 🔍 Found the Issue                                       
                                                           
  Python version mismatch:                                 
  - System Python: 3.12.11                                 
  - Installed packages: Python 3.11                        
                                                           
  This is why psycopg2 won't load - the compiled .so file  
  is for Python 3.11 but you're running Python 3.12.       
                                                           
  ---                                                      
  ✅ Solution: Use Replit's Run Button                     
                                                           
  You need to use Replit's interface to start the bot - it 
  handles the correct Python environment automatically.    
                                                           
  Steps:                                                   
                                                           
  1. In Replit UI: Click the "Run" button (big green button
   at top)                                                 
  2. This will start both:                                 
    - Flask app (already running)                          
    - Bot.py (will run migrations)                         
  3. Watch the console output for:                         
  🔄 Checking database schema...                           
     Checking for original_profile_data column in          
  employee_archive                                         
  ✅ Database schema is up to date                         
                                                           
  ---                                                      
  📋 Alternative: Fix Python Version                       
                                                           
  If you want to use command line, you'd need to:          
  # Reinstall all dependencies for Python 3.12             
  pip install -r requirements.txt --force-reinstall        
                                                           
  But using Replit's Run button is much simpler and the    
  recommended approach.                                    
                                                           
  ---                                                      
  🎯 What to Do Next                                       
                                                           
  1. Click Replit's Run button to start the bot            
  2. Watch for migration output in console                 
  3. Verify bot connects to Discord                        
  4. Check logs to confirm no "column original_profile_data
   does not exist" errors                                  
  5. Then proceed with manual testing from the audit       
  checklist                                                
                                                           
  Let me know once you've started the bot and I'll help    
  verify the migration ran successfully! 